# Comments/corrections - email from Jana on 18th of November 2016

Hi everyone,

please find below first comments on the merged pp/pPb paper (no corrections of grammar/typos yet)


## Abstract:

Mateusz, you put a question mark in the Abstract whether to show PYTHIA comparison. Yes, I would personally do it.

> I also agree with this proposal. Since I have many things to do in parallel, could Vit and/or Vojtech help to provide the corresponding results simulation results.


## l. 57

I would explicitly mention here the collision systems investigated in this paper (although they come in Section 2, but here it would be useful to have them already to be clear what we really show after the rather complex introduction):

- In this letter we report ... -> In this letter we report on the measurement of ... in p-Pb collisions at ... and pp collisions at ...

> DONE

- Also if we decide to have PYTHIA in the paper, then it would be appropriate to add a note on that on line 62.

> DONE


## l. 65-67

I think we can probably take the pp numbers from the charged jet pp paper at 7 TeV and these are: 177 M min bias events corresponding to an integrated luminosity of (2.9 $\pm$0.1) nb

> DONE, added at l113


## l. 80-85:

I believe that in pp  there is a slight difference. The V0 and ITS are used for event selection and MB trigger requires at least one hit in either the V0 forward scintillators or in the two innermost Silicon Pixel Detector layers (SPD) of the ITS, in coincidence with an LHC bunch crossing. At least like this we wrote it in the pp paper ...

> DONE


## l. 105-l. 107

needs number of pp events here

> DONE


## Section 2.2

on the places where we refer to ref. [19] we should also probably put the charged jet pp paper reference:

http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.4969

here is the bibtex entry:

```
 @article{ALICE:2014dla,
     author         = "Abelev, Betty Bezverkhny and others",
     title          = "{Charged jet cross sections and properties in
                       proton-proton collisions at $\sqrt{s}=7$ TeV}",
     collaboration  = "ALICE",
     journal        = "Phys. Rev.",
     volume         = "D91",
     year           = "2015",
     number         = "11",
     pages          = "112012",
     doi            = "10.1103/PhysRevD.91.112012",
     eprint         = "1411.4969",
     archivePrefix  = "arXiv",
     primaryClass   = "nucl-ex",
     reportNumber   = "CERN-PH-EP-2014-254",
     SLACcitation   = "%%CITATION = ARXIV:1411.4969;%%"
}
```

> DONE


## l. 130 add number for pp, it should be:

... the additional tracks (without SPD track points) constitute approximately 4.3\% in p-Pb and 5\% in pp of the used track sample ...

> DONE


## l. 131-132

also  the efficiency slightly differs, we should modify to read

  ... is 70\% (60\%) at pT=0.15 ... and increases to 85\% (87\%) at pT=1 ... and above for pPb (pp) collisions.

> DONE


##  l. 185

make also a comment on pp here (?)

> The value of the matching prob. should similar in pp and p-Pb
> To be checked


##  l. 213

I believe that in pp case the MC was based on PYTHIA not DPMJET
so we should include it here properly

> DONE


## Figures

- Figure 1: We need to have it also for pp in the same style. I suggest to do Fig. 1 a 4 panel figure, rather than adding another separate figure.

> Working in progress for pp

- Also I have suggestions on Fig. 2-6.  Besides obviously adopting the same plotting style for pPb and pp (colour coding, line style), we are missing in Fig. 3 the individual components of syst. uncertainties a la Figure 2. In general I believe the best would be to make from all these Fig. 2-6 a 6-panel figure organized e.g. as Left column pPb, right column pp, 1st row K0s, 2nd row lambdas, 3rd row the L/K0S. Another alternative could be 4x4 layout essentially adding one more row to current Figure 2 for pp and then having combined Figure 4+5 for the uncertainty on L/K0S ratio in one 2-panel figure.

> Fig 3: working in progress for both pp and p-Pb
>
> Concerning the fig combination, I prefer the 6 pane layout
> But I will wait for the comments from Matuesz
> Currently, some figs are updated as 4x4 layout

-  Similarly maybe we could also combine Fig 6+ 7 into 4 panel figure.  Having too many individual figures with essentially very similar captions takes just too much unnecessary space and distracts the reader.

-  Figure 8 needs extension by one more panel to include pp as we know

> Working in progress for pp

-  Figure 10 would be good to have with PYTHIA

> It is possible for Vit and/or Vojtech help to provide the corresponding results simulation results.


## Additional

  THat's all now from my side, let us work on discussion once we have all this in place.

  I also briefly looked at the pp AN which needs a lot of work still. Maybe this is something Vojta could help with? Vojta, what do you think?

> That would be great if Vojta can help to update the pp note. I am going to send mail to Yonghong toget the source file

  Cheers, Jana.
