General
---

Here come  the promised really minor comments to the current draft which I think reads really very well :-)

we should unify in the text/figures how we refer to the charged jet pT, various notations are flying around ... (let's do it later however, not necessarily now). Similarly we are not always consistent with Lambda+antilambda/2K0S vs Lambda/K0S notation.


Abstract
---

line 1 sched -> shed (?)

> Done.

l. 35
---
The interpretation of heavy-ion results depends on the understanding --->
perhaps replace "depends" with "requires" ?

> Done.

l. 140-141
---
I would simplify how we quote the rho^ch and its standard deviation to <rho^ch> = 1.02 +/- 0.91 GeV/c rad^-1 etc.

> Done.

l. 191
---
remove "the so called"

> Done.

Fig. 1
---
its caption  and related text: it looks like that in contrast to what is written, the figure contains also the Lambda values ...

> Reminder from the previous plot selection. Caption changed.

l. 247
---
uncetainty -> uncertainty

> Done.

l. 252
---
(>0.005 GeV/c^2 for K0S and >0.010 GeV/c^2) -> (m>0.005 GeV/c^2 for K0S and m>0.010 GeV/c^2 for Lambda)

> Done.

Fig. 2
---
caption: remove the reference to the Table, it is not existing

> Done.

l. 266
---
at 6 GeV/c -> for pT>6 GeV/c

> Done.

l. 291
---
the density within jets is much harder : "density is harder" reads really a bit akward. I know that  we are used to use "harder" in the connection with "pT spectra", although even that is a bit slang ;-) What about to change this sentence to read:

As expected, for both K0S and Lambda particles the pT dependence of the density within jets is much less steep as the  ...

> Done.

and then I would also add on lin 292 "strong pT dependence" -> "strong, steeply falling pT dependence"

> Done.

Section 3.2
---
"jet" appears in the indices everywhere in italic font

> Fixed.

l. 343
---
the sentence has twice "that" maybe we should reformulate it and say
The analysis presented here tags only parton showers fragmenting into a configuration of hadrons that produce

> Done.

