Vit on November 4th 2016


Please find my comments in the attached edited pdf (see `alicepreprint_CDS_20161101_VK_on_ver3.pdf`). Most of them are typos.


#  different meanings of R
It seems to me that there is still some inconsistency in using different meanings of R. I think we have to distinguish three different variables:

1. resolution parameter of the jet reconstruction (commonly referred to as R),
2. distance between a given V0 and a jet, calculated in Eq. (1),
3. maximum distance between V0s and jets that defines the radius of the cone inside which V0s are collected.

* Then, there appears R_cut in the description of the PC method but it does not appear anywhere else in the text and no value of it is given.

> I think the 1-3 are the same thing essentially: all specify a essentially a distance in phi-pseudorapidity (in case of jet finding this is a matter of a cut off) - I will check were the confusion may come from; however,...

# Figures

Figures need some polishing to use the same labels as used in the text (but we should agree on the labels first). :-)

> Agreed. Work on the figures ongoing.

# R(V0-jet)

Just to be sure, do I understand correctly that the x-axis of the left panel of Fig. 5 corresponds to opening the cone and taking all the V0s inside (i.e. *not* in a ring between two radii)?

> It is a doughnut. We may want to produce figures for the 0-R

# Comments from the PDF markup

## On the UE yield

L194/195 (ver 3): This does not look like taking particles in cones turned by 90 degrees in azimuth. Is this rather a band with a rectangle excluded around the jet axis? What is the accepted eta range?
(Not urgent, but it should be added in the analysis note at some point later.)

> Right in principle these are not at right angles. We actually re-discussed it recently with Xiaoming - we may want to modify the text.

## Proper lifetime

Is this really calculated in 3D or in 2D using only x, y components, i.e. r and p_T?

> Details are skipped for brevity and the prop. lifetime is introduced correctly; on the other hand, indeed the L_{xy} (transverse of **L**) is usually taken (for particles at mid-rapidity the difference is small)

## Unit of c

L248: mL/p has a dimension of time and cannot be compared with a length. One has to write mLc/p to get a distance.

> Usually (by convention) for brevity one writes mL/p and drops the c=1 ...; however, lets put in the 'c' for the moment...

